You can get any enchantment within 10
minutes of loading a new world if you
know what you're doing. Load in and find
a village and on your way get seven
leather and 21 sugarcane. These are to
make seven books to make lectern. So if
your village has a library, you won't
need it. Mine all the hay bales and
trade them with a farmer's wheat trade,
which you can easily get from a
composter. If you don't have enough
emeralds from that, you can do a
Fletcher's stick trade. Then dig three
blocks down in two holes like this.
Place a lectern at the bottom and a
villager will pathf find in each. Place
blocks above them. Dig down here. Break
these blocks and start cycling the
lecterns while checking the enchantment
trade.